table: Update guidance & examples of sortable tables to match ARIA pattern (#1801)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: packages/react/src/table/docs/overview.mdx

You can use the `TableHeaderSortable` component to make columns sortable. This component is a wrapper around the `TableHeader` component and adds the necessary aria attributes to make the column sortable.

> It is important to add `VisuallyHidden` content to the table’s caption to inform blind screen reader users of the purpose of `TableHeaderSortable` buttons.

Author: I think this could be worded better. Help?

Reviewer: I think it's ok. You probably don't need the `blind` qualifier 🤷 

FWIW I've given some wordy words a shot 👀 

```suggestion
It is important to add `VisuallyHidden` text in the table’s caption to explain the purpose of the `TableHeaderSortable` buttons. This reduces confusion for screen reader users who may navigate past the buttons or not understand their significance when arriving on them.
```

Author: That's better. I had blind because sighted SR users can generally see the buttons and the arrows, but it did feel unnecessary How about this?

It is important to add `VisuallyHidden` text in the table’s caption to explain the purpose of the `TableHeaderSortable` buttons. This reduces confusion for screen reader users who may not understand their significance when focusing them.

Reviewer: Nice, I think you're on a winner 🙌
